Add alt text to images (#1275)
meilisearch/documentation: create/how_to/aws.md

After logging into your [AWS Console](https://aws.amazon.com/console), navigate to the **Compute** service. Then go to **EC2**, and finally open your **Instances** console.

> ![Launching an instance from AWS console](/aws/01.launch-instances.png)

Reviewer: Rather than just removing alt text entirely, you could also focus alt text on the title of each AWS page (useful for confirming they're on the right page) and any values that have been selected on that page that are not mentioned explicitly in the content of that section.

> ![Launching an instance from AWS console](/aws/01.launch-instances.png)

Author: >Rather than just removing alt text entirely, you could also focus alt text on the title of each AWS page (useful for confirming they're on the right page) and any values that have been selected on that page that are not mentioned explicitly in the content of that step.

Could you give an example please?

> ![Launching an instance from AWS console](/aws/01.launch-instances.png)

Reviewer: Sure, here's an example for step 1 of AWS. "Page titled instances. Text in center of screen: You do not have any instances in this region."

You have to make a judgment call about which information is valuable. In this case, since the "Launch instances" button is mentioned explicitly in the text below, I did not call attention to it. I also deemed the sidebar, navbar, etc. to be not useful.

> ![Page titled 'Instances'. Text in center of screen: You do not have any instances in this region](/aws/01.launch-instances.png)

Author: We do have the context in the the heading and text. The [article](https://supercooldesign.co.uk/blog/how-to-write-good-alt-text) that Tommy shared said don't repeat what's already on the page.

> ![Page titled 'Instances'. Text in center of screen: You do not have any instances in this region](/aws/01.launch-instances.png)

Reviewer 2: That's a fair point. The same article does mention that it can be useful to point out when something is a screenshot, but if you think it's not necessary feel free to mark these comments as resolved.

![Page titled 'Step 3: Configure Instance Details'. Important: You can launch multiple instances from the same AMI, request Spot instances to take advantage of lower pricing, and assign access management role to the instance.](/aws/04.instance-details.png)

Simply click on **Next: Add Storage** to keep going.

### 5. Storage

Choose the storage **device** and **size** for your MeiliSearch instance.

![Page titled 'Step 4: Add Storage'. Text at bottom of screen: Free tier eligible users can get up to 30GB of EBS General Purpose (SSD) or Magnetic storage.](/aws/05.storage.png)

The amount of storage space required can [vary drastically](/reference/under_the_hood/storage.md#measured-disk-usage) depending on the data you plan to index. In this example, we will use 25 GiB, which is more than enough for most small datasets (< 1 million documents).  We have the **Volume Type** set to **General Purpose SSD (gp2)**.

When you're ready, click on **Next: Add Tags** to continue.

### 6. Tags

Tags are used to identify your resources in AWS. **They are not required by MeiliSearch**.

> ![Page titled 'Step 5: Add Tags'. Text in center of screen: Make sure your IAM policy includes permissions to create tags. ](/aws/06.tags.png)

Author: It's IAM 🍪

Choose the storage **device** and **size** for your MeiliSearch instance.

> ![Choosing the storage device and size](/aws/05.storage.png)

Reviewer: After thinking about it more, even if it is default, it may still be helpful to note that in the image, General Purpose SSD (gp2) is selected as the Volume Type. It can still reassure a user that what they have selected is not wrong.

- Click on **Add rule** and select **HTTP** from the drop-down menu. This will open the HTTP port (80).
- Click on **Add rule** and select **HTTPS** from the drop-down menu. This will open the HTTPS port (443).

> ![Adding HTTP rules to the instance](/aws/07.security.png)

Reviewer: May want to mention the SSH security group since it's not covered in the text. Also the fact that Source is set to "Anywhere" by default should be mentioned here, since it's unclear without the image.

Your instance may take a minute or two to get up and running (see the **Instance state** column).

![Launching the instance](/aws/09.launch.png)

> Once the instance is ready, use your web browser to navigate to the **Public IPv4 address** or the **Public IPv4 DNS**. You should see the MeiliSearch [web interface](/reference/features/web_interface.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the **Instance state** is **Running**, use your web browser to navigate to the **Public IPv4 address** or the **Public IPv4 DNS** displayed in your AWS instances dashboard. You should see the MeiliSearch [web interface](/reference/features/web_interface.md).
```

Reviewer: Without this text, non-sighted people have no way to know what value they should wait for in the "Instance state" column.

Your instance may take a minute or two to get up and running (see the **Instance state** column).

> ![Instance i-0642dee1520eae5d9 running](/aws/09.launch.png)

Author: Yours is so much better! Why didn’t I think of "active" 🤦🏻‍♀️

Once the **Instance state** is **Running**, use your web browser to navigate to the **Public IPv4 address** or the **Public IPv4 DNS** displayed in your AWS instances dashboard. You should see the MeiliSearch [web interface](/reference/features/web_interface.md).

> ![MeiliSearch web interface with the movies index](/aws/10.enjoy.png)

Author: Shouldn't we mention the index name? Because we're supposed to be specific?

> ![MeiliSearch web interface with the movies index](/aws/10.enjoy.png)

Reviewer 2: Hmmm…that's good practice, yes, but do we ever mention we're using a movies dataset in this guide, either in the text or alt image? I can't seem to find it with a cmd+f, at least. I'm afraid that suddenly specifying this dataset on the second-to-last final screenshot can be confusing/look like an editing error.

> ![MeiliSearch web interface with the movies index](/aws/10.enjoy.png)

Author: That makes sense

If you want to use your own domain name (or sub-domain), add an `A record` in your domain name provider account. Otherwise, **you can skip this step**.

> ![my-aws-instance domain](/aws/11.domain.png)

Author: Agreed. Idk why I used "fragment". Not sure what would be better, I don’t like part. Any suggestions are welcome

> ![my-aws-instance domain](/aws/11.domain.png)

Reviewer 2: 🤔  fragment was my (not so great) suggestion. 

What I meant was that `my-aws-instance domain` was fairly opaque as a description to an image. Like, this as an alt text seems very difficult to understand because it says what is in one box of the page, but gives no explanation on what it is or where it goes.

You could potentially make do without saying a fragment and just focus on what this interface does/is showing. Something like "An interface for editing DNS records. The A record is set to my-aws-instance."

> ![my-aws-instance domain](/aws/11.domain.png)

Author: 🤦🏻‍♀️ My bad. I like "An interface for editing DNS records. The A record is set to my-aws-instance."
